OK so let's start building the home.
So whenever we the page loads we can have a lot of components.
You can have the component that it's going to just handle this slider.
You can have a different component component to handle the subscriber's then one to render the blocks
and then one for the poll.
OK let's get now we can i need to create different components going to start with this one.
I'm going to call it feature to component.
You know just like it like or press a featured image.
So again so we need to create a component that is going to be featured.
And now this component whatever we information we get.
You know the text the title you're going to get it from the Jason files from the API.
So if I go to the adjacent file we have right here we're going to have to have a data whenever the this
is starts.
You can have a home and the bit inside you can have a slider.
You can have the information that you're going to use on the blocks and everything else.
So what we can do whenever this component's loads we can bring in the data we can fetch the data from
the API and then pass the information we want to each component right here on the slider.
You can use just the information that is inside the slider so we can pass that prompts.
OK so let's start with this.
So OK so I'm going to need to bring a component.
It's going to be the featured component.
We don't have it yet.
We're going to create it in a minute.
So I'm going to say components components and then it's going to say import and we can import that component
and I'm going to call it featured.
Right.
So it's going to be from then dot dot for Slash.
And we didn't have it yet but it's going to be called featured.
Right.
Let's get.
So let's go to the components and create this feature components.
So I'm going to create a new file and it's going to be called featured as inside the feature that you're
not going to have anything.
And this one is going to be just a stateless component.
So I'm going to just copy this and paste it and we're going to get rid of the components can go right
here.
I'm going to say Konst and I know how are we going to call it.
It's called a feature that's good featured and begin to say equal.
And what are we going to do.
It received a prompts the prompts are going to be that data that we need to put inside the slider.
So I'm going to say prop's right and we're going to return some GSX so we can skip an error message.
That's when I say return and Dev and slider.
And of course we need to make this available this feature inside home.
So I'm going to say export default and then just a feature right and we go back to home and back to
our project and what we can do we can to make reference to this featured elements we have right here.
So give the lead home nego right here at the bottom.
And again just call this feature that components we are importing.
So I'm going to say featured open close every page we get sliders so it's good.
It's importing this correctly.
Now what we need to do we need to fetch the information after this component the home it's rendered.
So just like before we can to use components that mount to fetch the information whenever this is rendered
will trigger the component amount we will fetch the information for any information from the data server
and we will just add the data we receive to the state.
Build the state first.
I'm going to say constructor and the constructor is going to have some props and then inside we can
have a state since we have a state we need to call super write I say prompts and we can create this
data state equal to an object.
Now first we're going to store inside Home older data we are getting from the from the API.
So whenever the application starts this home is going to be just empty.
I'm going to go right here at the bottom and I'm going I'm going to fetch this information we need so
we can use fetch going to say component sorry components and begin to use the debt mount OK.
So whenever the component mounts after the component mounts we can do the fetch some going to save fetch
and just open and close.
We will need a u r l to fetch this information and this this information is going to be stored in home.
Let's go to the terminal and just check the the routing for this going to go to the Jason server whatever
whatever we started the Jason server and we have right here the home resource.
So I just going a copy of this and close it.
Now I'm going to go right here at the top and I'm going to create a viable.
It's going to be Konst.
And then just you are l home and we can get the the the resource from there.
Can I do this and just paste the address.
That's the location we can fetch it from there.
Of course it's going to give us in our message because we need to just do the settings right here.
So I'm going to go at the bottom and begin to pass your L home as a valid location.
We need to set up the method and the method is going to be good.
So I'm going to say method and the method is going to be get Breguet.
Now whenever we fetch some information we need to grab the Jason.
So we say then and we grab the response and then we just convert everything from Jason.
Jason responds that Jason but did this previously.
Whenever we get this information we need to add it to the to the state.
When you changed state.
So I'm going to say Dan and create a callback for this.
It's going to be Jason we're going to grab that.
Jason we get.
And then going to just run the callback.
Now if I'm just going to do a log and get the Jason just check if the Jason is getting here correctly
he's going to reload the page and bring the console going to go to console.
OK we have an object right here.
And the object is going to be blocks pole and slider is going to be all the elements from home.
So now what are we going to do.
Grab this.
This Jason File.
Begin to put it in the state and assign it home and whenever we called feature we can pass slider.
OK we can slide up a slider as pop.
OK.
Let's get.
That's what we can do.
Going to bring this down.
OK.
So since we want to set state what we do is this dart set state open close.
And since it's an object we're going to just open it.
Do the caller braces we want to change the home.
So I'm going to say home.
OK.
And the new data is going to be inside Jason.
Right.
So now the state of home is going to have all the information.
So now what we need to do we need to pass it as props when we make this better.
So we're going to go to feature and we get to create a prop that is going to be called slides and the
slides is going to contain this.
That state DOT home.
And if you remember is going to be inside slider.
So I'm going to say slider.
All right.
So if I go to featured this go to feature and we are whenever this featured It's called from here is
going to pass all the data and the feature is going to receive it inside prompts.
So if I go right here and console log and then prop's
and every other page and bring the inspect and it comes along and the first time that it the app the
compound loads.
Of course we get nothing.
And after it's mounted it's going to do the request update the state and then it's passing it.
So we get it inside slides.
Let's get OK.
So on the next section we're going to go to the next section.
Going to grab this props and show all the information and we're going to make use of the re-act slick.
You can read the documentation first.
We're begin to use a couple of things.
Begin to use this one.
And of course we need to do some settings just like a regular plugging for example with Jay Querrey
same idea.
So let's go to the next section and create the slider.